Admin panel users and orgs (#251)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/administration/overview.md

# Administration of Users, Organizations, and Memberships

As a **Root User**, you can access a comprehensive overview of the users and organizations in the system from the **Admin Panel**.

The Admin Panel menu entry will only be accessible in the top right avatar menu if you are logged in as a Root user. This role should only be assigned to a system administrator, since it enables several high level and potentially risky operations.

> ## Users Administration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Users administration
```

![](_images/manage_orgs_button.png)

The Users administration page lists all the users in the Tower database. From this page, you can:

> ### Search Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Search users
```

The user search function allows you to find a specific user by name or email and perform various operations with that user.

### Create a User

> The Add User button in the top right corner above the table allows you to create a new user from scratch. If the new user email already exists in the system, the user creation will fail. Once the new user has been created, inform them that access has been granted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Add user button above the table allows you to create a new user from scratch. If the new user email already exists in the system, the user creation will fail. Once the new user has been created, inform them that access has been granted.
```

> ### Edit a User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit a user
```

![](_images/edit_user.png)

> By selecting a username from the table, you can edit some of the user details, or delete the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By selecting a username from the table, you can edit the user's details, or delete the user.
```

### Membership Administration 

**Available from version 22.3.X**

![](_images/organization_members.png)

> From the user list, you have an overview of all the memberships for a selected user. The Membership administration page can be reached by selecting the **Edit Organizations** button. From here, you can list and search for all the organizations the user belongs to (as a member or as an owner), change the role of the user for a given membership, remove the user from an organization, and add the user to a new organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the user list, you have an overview of all the memberships for the selected user. The Membership administration page is reached by selecting the **Edit organizations** button. From here, you can list and search for all the organizations the user belongs to (as a member or as an owner), change the role of the user for a given membership, remove the user from an organization, or add the user to a new organization. 
```

> From the user list, you have an overview of all the memberships for a selected user. The Membership administration page can be reached by selecting the **Edit Organizations** button. From here, you can list and search for all the organizations the user belongs to (as a member or as an owner), change the role of the user for a given membership, remove the user from an organization, and add the user to a new organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the user list, you have an overview of all the memberships for a selected user. The Membership administration page can be reached by selecting the **Edit organizations** button. From here, you can list and search for all the organizations the user belongs to (as a member or as an owner), change the role of the user for a given membership, remove the user from an organization, and add the user to a new organization. 
```

**Note:** You can only add users to an existing organization, and you cannot remove the last owner of an organization.

> ## Organizations Administration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Organization administration
```

![](_images/organization_administration.png)

The Organization administration page lists all the organizations in the Tower database. From this page, you can:

> ### Search Organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Search organizations
```

The organization search function allows you to find a specific organization by its name or email and perform various operations with that organization.

> ### Create an Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create an organization
```

> The Create Organization button in the top right corner above the table allows you to create a new organization from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Create organization button above the table allows you to create a new organization from scratch.
```

> ### Edit an Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit an organization
```

![](_images/edit_organization.png)

> By selecting an organization name from the table, you can edit some of the organization details, or delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By selecting an organization name from the table, you can edit the organization's details, or delete it.
```

> ### Membership Administration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Membership administration 
```

**Available from version 22.3.X**

![](_images/organization_members.png)

> From the organizations list, you have an overview of all the memberships for the selected organization. Select the **Manage User** button to access the Membership administration page. From here, you can list and search for all the users that are members or owners of the selected organization, change the role of the user for the given membership, remove the member from the organization, and add a new user to the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the organizations list, you have an overview of all the memberships for the selected organization. Select the **Manage users** button to access the Membership administration page. From here, you can list and search for all the users that are members or owners of the selected organization, change the role of the user for the given membership, remove the member from the organization, or add a new user to the organization.
```

> From the organizations list, you have an overview of all the memberships for the selected organization. Select the **Manage User** button to access the Membership administration page. From here, you can list and search for all the users that are members or owners of the selected organization, change the role of the user for the given membership, remove the member from the organization, and add a new user to the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the organizations list, you have an overview of all the memberships for the selected organization. Select the **Manage users** button to access the Membership administration page. From here, you can list and search for all the users that are members or owners of the selected organization, change the role of the user for the given membership, remove the member from the organization, or add a new user to the organization.
```
